# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
I kept as many notes as I could and it went... ok. I kept notes in OneNote because that's what I'm used to but maybe I should try using this journal space in VS Code next week. Also, I managed to get text to speech going on my phone so I've been listening to the articles on my way to and from BCW. It won't work with all of them because of the screen grabs or animations, but it's better than nothing. 'Cheating at design' seems like a gold mine. I'll keep listening to that one for sure. I also managed to get Maggie to school and then get to BCW on time every day. I think we can make that routine stick.
- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?
Bootstrap. I guess it's got a bad reputation for being flat or boring but there's so much there to work with. I wish I had done ANY of the pre-course work that was available for that rather than spending time trying to draw my own cats for Moody Kittens. Bad time management on my part.
- What are you struggling with?
Memorization. I just need to keep saturating my brain with the information, and there is definitely a lot of it. I'll keep looking for more audio to help me but,. It's visual. It's hands on. Audible doesn't have much. (Hence the name.) Plus anything I've found seems more like a distraction. I'm taking THIS course, with THESE instructors and THESE assignments. Can't lose focus.  Also, the speed of the lectures. Wow. These people are really good at what they do. Lab time also flies right by. I definitely need to give up my "walk a mile everyday after lunch" plan. It was great those first 2 days, but I should just let it go and spend that time working. I'm pretty slow on a keyboard and I won't get faster walking around the block a few times. I'll still get outside and be alone for a few minutes each day, but I don't have 25-30 minutes to spend. I'll learn to settle for... 10? Being around this many people is definitely a struggle, and introducing myself to a room full of people was... rough. I barely remember it. As my turn got closer and closer I thought I might freeze up or pass out, but I didn't. I wanted to get through it, and I think I did ok.
- What would you count as a victory?
I kept up. I also worked with someone else. (Dev.) We did a partner assignment to "clone" a site. Working with people is something I've been really worried about but it went so much better than I thought. He's super chill so that definitely made it easier. Other than that, I'm forcing myself to do simple things like say "good morning" and I'm doing ok introducing myself to people individually. So, even if I completely blow the course, I've talked to more new people this week than I have in over a year. 
